# Start-up meeting 7/9 2018

News affecting the team
* Martin got the Tex source for the RAD and SSD docs.
* We've gotten a supervisor

Are there any personal schedule changes affecting how we can work?
* Jimmy won't be available next Tuesday

What are we doing? Are there any bottlenecks or do we need help with anything?
* We're sketching GUI.
* We're creating user stories.
* Bottleneck: creating user stories is kinda slow.
* Potential bottleneck: libGDX has some limitations, we will need to find a GUI for creating modals and such.

Assign/reassign issues and tasks to group members.
* Not relevant yet

Prioritization: are we doing the right things? Are we closing in on any deadlines?
* We seem to be doing fine. We need to confirmation from our supervisor though.

Start/Continue/Stop
* Continue: sketching GUI and creating user stories / tasks.

Date and time for next meeting?
* 10 September 15:00 - 16:00
