####  Agenda for meetings:

1. News affecting the team

No news, as far as the project members are aware.

2. Are there any personal schedule changes affecting how we can work?

Martin is occupied Thursday evening
Jacob and Elias are occupied during Monday and Tuesday evening.

3. What are we doing? Are there any bottlenecks or do we need help with anything?

Currently the GUI is a bottleneck, more specifically SVG scaling. The model is done, so no problem there.
We need to ask supervisor about how much JavaDoc we really should write. Are one-liners enough? 

4. Assign/reassign issues and tasks to group members.

Elias will checkout a reflection library to see if we can dynamically load all components.
Jimmy will continue on the SVG scaling problem.
Martin will work on the workspace controllers.

5. Prioritisation: are we doing the right things? Are we closing in on any deadlines?

We're doing the things, but it is taking some expected long time to get everything tied up.
As is, we likely hit the demo/protype deadline next week.
The domain model is done, we have a working model and we just need to focus on the GUI right now, so that we can showcase the model.

6. Start doing..? / Continue doing..? / Stop doing..?

Maybe start writing proper JavaDoc (we will check with the supervisor about this)
Continue discussing problems on Slack.
Continue publishing WIP branches as WIP PR so that people can view/comment.
Stop being sick guys. = (

7. Date and time for next meeting?

15:15 - 16:15 next Monday (09-17)
