# Start-up meeting 10/9 2018

1. News affecting the team

Jimmy absent Monday+Tuesday.
Successfully switched to JavaFX codebase from libGDX.

2. Are there any personal schedule changes affecting how we can work?

Martin is not available during one of the three seminar sessions in LV3, so the group decided to contact Alex and request to have their seminar scheduled on Wednesday.

3. What are we doing? Are there any bottlenecks or do we need help with anything?

We are starting work on a domain model.
The libGDX bottleneck that was identified during the 7/9 meeting has been resolved by deciding to switch to JavaFX after the group taking in advice received during the supervisor meeting.
Will get started on RAD.
Creating a finalized GUI sketch.

4. Assign/reassign issues and tasks to group members.

Everyone works on domain model.
Everyone will contribute to RAD due to the size of the task.
Jimmy has been assigned to making a finalized GUI sketch.

5. Prioritisation: are we doing the right things? Are we closing in on any deadlines?

In order of priority:
* The domain model 
* RAD
* Continue developing the codebase
No real deadlines coming up.

6. Start doing..? / Continue doing..? / Stop doing..?

* Start: Domain model
* Start: Documentation in RAD
* Continue: Doing what we are doing.
* (Stop: being sick)

7. Date and time for next meeting?

Friday 14/9 12:00-13:00 in ML1215A
