####  Agenda for meetings:

1. News affecting the team

    - Our seminar is on Wednesday.

    - We might have to convert our design model to a PDF and upload it.

2. Are there any personal schedule changes affecting how we can work?

    - Martin is occupied Tuesday morning and Thursday evening

    - As discussed last week, Jacob and Elias are occupied during Monday and Tuesday afternoon.

3. What are we doing? Are there any bottlenecks or do we need help with anything?

    - Martin is working on drag and drop.

    - Jimmie is working on selecting, spawning and deleting wires.

    - Neonsky and iller are working on connecting ports.

    - We need to get started with the RAD, but it is not really a bottleneck.

4. Assign/reassign issues and tasks to group members.

    - Everyone is already occupied. New tasks will be assigned next meeting.

5. Prioritisation: are we doing the right things? Are we closing in on any deadlines?

    - We're doing the right things, and we are starting to complete our issues for this sprint.

6. Start doing..? / Continue doing..? / Stop doing..?

    - We should try out checkstyle, quickcheck and PDM. 

    - Continue discussing problems on Slack.

    - Continue winning the fight against JavaFX.

7. Date and time for next meeting?

    - 12:10 - 13:10 on Thursday (09-20)
