####  Group meeting 27/09:

1. News affecting the team

Branches are getting out of hand.  
Refactoring is a bigger task than anticipated.  

2. Are there any personal schedule changes affecting how we can work?

Jimmy will be absent Friday (5/10) around lunchtime.

3. What are we doing? Are there any bottlenecks or do we need help with anything?

Jimmy: Still working on selecting wires and components. Decided to split into 2 PRs, 
one for what has been done currently (4/5 points of the issue), and another one for selecting components by dragging a selection box.  
Jacob & Elias : Rerfacorisationizing  
Martin: Rebasing devtools branch on Jimmys branch, which will be merged soonâ„¢.

4. Assign/reassign issues and tasks to group members.

Elias: Panning on circuit view  
Jacob: BFS approach for simulating circuit state  
Jimmy: Drag select (from prototype sprint)  
Martin: Saving and loading components  

Everyone should review Jimmys [PR #38](https://github.com/NeonSky/OpenLogicGateSimulator/pull/38) so that it can be merged ASAP.

5. Prioritisation: are we doing the right things? Are we closing in on any deadlines?

The intuitive feeling is "No, and no." However, the refactoring is a necessary evil, due to the current design of the codebase.

6. Start doing..? / Continue doing..? / Stop doing..?

Start fixing the messy branch situation.  
Stop putting magic numbers in code.  
Start committing more frequently (to avoid huge, messy commits)  
~Stop~Continue refactoring code  

7. Date and time for next meeting?

Monday 1/10 at 12:00-13:00 in M1212A
