####  Agenda for meetings:

1. News affecting the team<br>
Getting the RAD done has become a high priority task.<br>
First sprint is essentialy done! :clap: :tada:

2. Are there any personal schedule changes affecting how we can work?<br>
Jacob is back in business. </br>
Jimmie will have a tighter work schedule (outside of school).  </br>
Martin will not have any driving lessons, so he will be more availible than usual.

3. What are we doing? Are there any bottlenecks or do we need help with anything?<br>
Jimmie is working on drag-selection of components, and fixing some bugs. </br>
Otherwise, this week we have to focus on writing the documents. </br>
Since the first sprint is about done, we will also define new user stories and tasks this week.  </br>
We might need help with the documents, but we will email if that becomes the case.

4. Assign/reassign issues and tasks to group members.<br>
Jimmie will keep working on his current tasks.<br>
Martin will work on the design model.<br>
Elias and Jacob will work on the RAD.

5. Prioritisation: are we doing the right things? Are we closing in on any deadlines?<br>
The code is progressing at a good pace.<br>
We need to allocate more focus towards writing the documents.

6. Start doing..? / Continue doing..? / Stop doing..?<br>
Continue communicating around issues in Slack threads.<br>
Start making local clones of our branches and verify that they don't increase the number of rule violations.

7. Date and time for next meeting?<br>
Wednesday September 26th, at 10:00.
