####  Agenda for meetings:

1. News affecting the team<br>
No news affecting the team the coming week.


2. Are there any personal schedule changes affecting how we can work?<br>
Jacob got sick and will probably be out for a few days, but otherwise no changes to our schedules.


3. What are we doing? Are there any bottlenecks or do we need help with anything?<br>
Jimmy's and Elias' efforts are being put towards finishing this sprints last User Story concerning Wire components.<br>
Martin is working on setting up Checkstyle and Spotbugs.<br>
Jacob just finished a User Story concerning adding all of our basic components to the UI and will be assigned another issue as soon as he's back on his feet.


4. Assign/reassign issues and tasks to group members.<br>
All group members are currently working on issues and User Stories, no new tasks need to be assigned at this moment.


5. Prioritisation: are we doing the right things? Are we closing in on any deadlines?<br>
The prototype is almost done, which means our goal for W3 is almost met. We still need to finish up our RAD and SDD documents, which will be our focus for the coming week.


6. Start doing..? / Continue doing..? / Stop doing..?<br>
Continue communicating around issues in Slack threads.


7. Date and time for next meeting?<br>
Monday September 20th, at 15:15.
