####  Group meeting 01/10:

1. News affecting the team

All branches are fixed! :tada:

2. Are there any personal schedule changes affecting how we can work?

Martin is occupied on thursday evening as usual.
Jacob needs to write a report this week, but it will propbably not be too time consuming. 
Jimmy will not be able to work on this project after 4 pm any day this week, since he has a deadline at work.

3. What are we doing? Are there any bottlenecks or do we need help with anything?

Martin has began work on SAVE/LOAD. 
He has also started looking at code coverage tools. 
No bottlenecks ATM.

4. Assign/reassign issues and tasks to group members.

Elias: Panning on circuit view  
Jacob: BFS approach for simulating circuit state  
Jimmy: Multiple workspaces / Tabs
Martin: Saving and loading components  

5. Prioritisation: are we doing the right things? Are we closing in on any deadlines?

Yes, we are doing the right things, and not closing in on any deadlines.

6. Start doing..? / Continue doing..? / Stop doing..?

Stop making so many branches.
Start working on new features again.
Keep discussing new features on Slack.

7. Date and time for next meeting?

Wednesday 3/10 at 10:00-11:00 in M1212A
