1. News affecting the team

We have received our time for when to present our project, on Monday morning during the exam week.
We have gotten the most important refactor changes merged to dev now.

2. Are there any personal schedule changes affecting how we can work?

Wednesday evening 3 group members may be on an unrelated code event.
Thursday evening Martin will be a bit more busy than usual.

3. What are we doing? Are there any bottlenecks or do we need help with anything?

We have created a GUI for the simulator.
We have created a bunch more components.
We have upgraded the SVG loader, we now basically support arbitrary SVG files.
We have significantly improved the MVC design.
No bottlenecks at the moment.

4. Assign/reassign issues and tasks to group members.

Jimmy will do Guava and tool tips.
Elias will do sequence diagrams.
Jacob Elias will refactor the viewmodel pkg into the rest of the MVC structure.
Martin will finish the save/load feature and some smaller bug issues.
Everyone will work on the rest of the hand-in documents.

5. Prioritisation: are we doing the right things? Are we closing in on any deadlines?

It feels like we are doing the right things. Code is getting better and features are being added.
On Friday the first hand-in occurs, which we need to finish things up for.

6. Start doing..? / Continue doing..? / Stop doing..?

Continue with appear.in for remote meetings.

7. Date and time for next meeting?

Thursday lunch (October 18 at 12:00 - 13:00) in M1215A
