1. News affecting the team

Hand-in tomorrow

2. Are there any personal schedule changes affecting how we can work?

Thursday evening Martin will be a bit more busy than usual.
Jacob and Elias will be busy Friday night.

3. What are we doing? Are there any bottlenecks or do we need help with anything?

Reviewing the last PR:s which should be done by the end of today.
Finishing and uploading the documents that go along with the hand-in.
No bottleneck, we just need to finish things up before the deadline.
We hope to be done by 17:00 tomorrow.

4. Assign/reassign issues and tasks to group members.

Everyone will be collaborating on getting the final PR:s in and to write/polish/upload the documents.

5. Prioritisation: are we doing the right things? Are we closing in on any deadlines?

Yes, we feel like we are focusing on the right things for a proper hand-in.

6. Start doing..? / Continue doing..? / Stop doing..?

Stop changing/adding feature, since there is little time left. Everyone should be focusing on polishing what exists.

7. Date and time for next meeting?

Monday next week (October 22 at 11:00 - 12:00) remotely.
