1. News affecting the team

Martin is finally done with saving / loading
The project / RAD / STD should be done friday next week (10-19)

2. Are there any personal schedule changes affecting how we can work?

Nothing new. 

3. What are we doing? Are there any bottlenecks or do we need help with anything?

Elias is adding new components
Jimmy is adding start / stop gui to the simulator.
Jacob is refactoring how components are destroyed.
Martin is rebasing his saving /loading branch on dev.
No bottlenecks

4. Assign/reassign issues and tasks to group members.

Martin will add coverage to CI.
Otherwise we will continue with our current tasks.

5. Prioritisation: are we doing the right things? Are we closing in on any deadlines?

We are doing the right things. 
The project / RAD / STD should be done friday next week (10-19)

6. Start doing..? / Continue doing..? / Stop doing..?

Start finishing up the project. 

7. Date and time for next meeting?

Monday 10-15 at 12:00-13:00 (M1212A)
